Add additional fallback images (#1898)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: .changeset/orange-planes-ring.md

---
'@cloudfour/patterns': minor
---

> Add 4 additional fallback images: accessibility, process, systems, maintenance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add fallback feature illustrations for `accessibility`, `process`, `systems` and `maintenance`
```
